# February 18, 2025
**In attendance:**
- Deepika Batra
- Li Padilla
- Rawnie Singh

## Meeting Objectives
- Design the glove
- Preparation for Proposal Review

## What was accomplished
#### Bookkeeping/Reminders
- Any time at all you work on something related to the project (asynchronously) note it down and push it to your notebook on GitHub (Everyone should be documenting their individual progress!)
    - I’ll continue making meeting minutes for any team/TA meetings though
    - Will create a new directory for team meetings 

#### Designing the glove
- What will the glove look like?
    - Do we want to use a regular glove or an existing compression glove?
        - likely use an existing compression glove
    - What muscles and which sensors are placed where?
        - near the knuckles (lumbrical? muscles)
        - palm (thenar muscles)
    - How many strain gauges (exactly)?
        - implementing in a wheatstone bridge configuration
        - how many strain gauges per bridge? maybe 4 to maximize sensitivity
    - How many IMUs? 1
    - How will we implement wireless/bluetooth?
        - opted to use bluetooth as communication protocol
        - bluetooth module to be used in the circuit
    - Where should the PCB be placed?
        - PCB on the glove itself? Better for portability and capturing larger range of movement


## To Do
- We should set aside time next week to work together to design the PCB (PCB review is on 2/28)
- We can make a calendar? Or a kanban board? (Design document due 3/3 and Breadboard demo due week of 3/10 !!) **Li will make a kanban board**
- Answer any remaining glove design questions

### Proposal Review Preparation:
**Future PCB Design Experimentation**
- experiment with strain gauges
    - placement
    - what kind of wheatstone bridges (half/full) and where
    - output voltage (needed to figure out what amplifier)